how to care how to make a mealworm
colony well first off our new ones are
great feeders for stuff like clipped
geckos or all different stuff like that
let's get house mainly because all the
if their read on mealworms then their
live longer that's just that so they
live longer federal new was so first off
want to add earn their substrate the
little um new work look no one's its
themselves I actually eat the substrate
you see also you can thing come on
potatoes Cooper bar what else potato or
some stuff like that so you want to get
some oats or porridge in five what's a
bath it's wickets at ya cricket tub
filled of them ready brek so just pull
that just dump that in there make sure
some level this isn't going to storage
compartment bottom of my boobs oh that's
deep enough so i recommend having them
but if you when you get the year when
they let alone some sales start peopie
team i recommend moving them into a
quick each other then when they get to
adults then put them back into their
southern lakes and start bringing get
sony pop your own one call me both as i
said this is a this it that substrate is
uses food sorry so I've got it couple of
them
on about 15 your worms so I'll just
separate nor the few pokes on them the
little ones i didn't like because the
adults ends the mealworms would eat if
you painting head out so best to take
them out if you want to start reading so
i like to save one thing em I got all of
these and I got all of them meal worms
or face like all you said I'm really
cheap in and six direct so they already
do big deal so a tub like that a quick
tub like this was the ones there's many
new ones then cost one pound fifty so
tell waiting money goes that's really
good for us it's had this big so stick
it right hey then just stick it right II
know that's just it keep clean every
every week just to clean them out and
remove any traces on food and if you
like that so there's simple take you so
it's real that's real good that's a good
thing about these no one said look you
see they're just borrowing down at once
I yeah
I am gonna stop and reading these sigh
I'm not I'm gonna stop you doing stuff
like that sucks suddenly c 1 x 2 fo
reptiles just give it away so I'm
already am already packed a bit up for
one of my mates with them some of new
ones about this size and then some
that's uh just a hey be so I actually
break before days that I've started
reading all these so so I'm duly given
bathroom who's got Michael get home so
yeah it's probably so yeah that's the
basic um care off how to make you new
one commonly basically just basics keep
it clean keep it my LP flight well I
don't know much cytisus actually so keep
me the Greek box so then keeping them
cricket box just like that you can done
that before or I've got that his serve
up cook search box with
no one's on it written on it on the
front and on the side so yeah that's all
right things about this time they will
start pupating of these stop you
painting soon so that'd be good bath
time ok you updates on the meal one
progress every couple of weeks so yeah
that'd be good size five